Htc closures (#31956)
idaholab/moose: modules/subchannel/doc/content/source/problems/QuadSubChannel1PhaseProblem.md

This class solves for the subchannel flow variables in the case of subchannels/pins arranged in a square lattice.
It inherits from the base class : `SubChannel1PhaseProblem`. Information regarding the solver can be found in [subchannel_theory.md].

Pin surface temperature is calculated at the end of the solve using a user defined correlation.

## Channel-to-Pin Heat Transfer Modeling

The pin surface temperature are computed via the heat transfer coefficient as follows:

\begin{equation}

> T_{s,\text{pin}}(z) = \frac{1}{N} \sum_{sc=1}^N T_{bulk,sc}(z) + \frac{q'_{\text{pin}}(z)}{\pi D_{\text{pin}}(z) h_{sc}(z)},

Reviewer: In the quad problem all pins see 4 subchannels. So that's not an issue. But regardless of that in all both problems (tri, quad): In the temperature calculation of the subchannel we do take into consideration the surface that the subchannel sees. The assumption is that the heat flux each subchannel sees is the same, and the rate of heat is proportional to the surface. 

When we calculate pin surface temperature (for each subchannel around the pin) the surface area drops out of the formula and i get heat_flux = hs(Ts-Tb) <=> qprime/perimeter = hs(Ts - Tb)

This class solves for the subchannel flow variables in the case of subchannels/pins arranged in a square lattice.
It inherits from the base class : `SubChannel1PhaseProblem`. Information regarding the solver can be found in [subchannel_theory.md].

Pin surface temperature is calculated at the end of the solve using a user-selected correlation.

## Channel-to-Pin Heat Transfer Modeling

!! Intentional comment to provide extra spacing

The pin surface temperature are computed via the convective heat transfer coefficient as follows:

\begin{equation}
T_{s,\text{pin}}(z) = \frac{1}{N} \sum_{sc=1}^N T_{bulk,sc}(z) + \frac{q'_{\text{pin}}(z)}{\pi D_{\text{pin}}(z) h_{sc}(z)},
\end{equation}

where:

- $T_{s,\text{pin}}(z)$ is the surface temperature for the pin at a height $z$
- $N$ is the number of subchannels neighboring the pin
- $T_{bulk,sc}(z)$ is the bulk temperature for a subchannel $sc$ neighboring the pin at a height $z$
- $q'_{\text{pin}}(z)$ is the linear heat generation rate for the pin at a height $z$
- $D_{\text{pin}}(z)$ is the pin diameter at a height $z$

> - $h_{sc}(z)$ is the convective heat transfer coefficientfor a subchannel $sc$ neighboring the pin at a height $z$

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- $h_{sc}(z)$ is the convective heat transfer coefficient for a subchannel $sc$ neighboring the pin at a height $z$
```

The convective heat transfer coefficientis computed using the Nusselt number (Nu) as follows:

\begin{equation}
h = \frac{\text{Nu} \times k}{D_h}
\end{equation}

where:

- $k$ is the thermal conductivity of the subchannel neighboring the structure
- $D_h$ is the hydraulics diameter of the subchannel neighboring the structure

The modeling of the Nusselt number and consequently of the convective heat transfer coefficient `h` is selected by the user through a closure. The closure models available to the user that are implemented in SCM are the following:

- [Dittus-Boelter](SCMHTCDittusBoelter.md) (recommended for water coolants)
- [Gnielinski](SCMHTCGnielinski.md) (recommended for liquid metals)

> - [Kazimi-Carelli](SCMHTCKazimiCarelli.md) (recommended for liquid metals)

Reviewer 2: update list with the 3 you added
